docs: Fixed Slugify doc in  GoTemplate.md (#16685)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/applicationset/GoTemplate.md

with hyphens and truncating at 253 characters. This is useful when making parameters safe for things like Application
names.

> Another `slugify` function has been added which, by default, sanitizes and smart truncate (means doesn't cut a word into 2). This function accepts a couple of arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another `slugify` function has been added which, by default, sanitizes and smart truncates (it doesn't cut a word into 2). This function accepts a couple of arguments:
```

  1. contains no more than 253 characters
  2. contains only lowercase alphanumeric characters, '-' or '.'
  3. starts and ends with an alphanumeric character

> - `slugify`: sanitizes like `normalize` and smart truncates (means doesn't cut a word into 2) like described in the [usage](#usage-example) section.

Reviewer: The `slugify` is described in the intro section no? So probably should be 
```suggestion

- `slugify`: sanitizes like `normalize` and smart truncates (it doesn't cut a word into 2) like described in the [introduction](#introduction) section.
```
